Question:   Create a java program, that stores the details of a student (Name, Register Number, Email, Class, Department).You can use a two-dimensional array to store the details.
You need to have functions to:
Collect the details of the student
Display the details of the student
Search the details of the student
With the help of a menu-driven main function, you need to access these functions inside your class and perform the operations.Whenever you are entering the details of a student, you need to enter the value into a static global string array, that stores the names that the user has entered. Searching this array will help you to find if the details of the student are already entered into the program.You will have a function to perform this search operation, which can be used to implement two functionality in the code to check if the name is already enteredWhile searching for a name, you can identify the index of the two-dimensional array to print the details directly.In the end, you will have four functions inside your lab program class including your main class one static String array storing the names (note the program can store up to 1024 students) 1 two-dimensional string array storing the details of up to 1024 students.A menu-driven main method implementing the functions and functionality

How the code works:
We create 2 global variables names which is a 1 dimensional string array which stores the names of the students and details which is a 2 dimensional array which stores the details of the students.Initialise a count as 0.
Now create a static void function called collectDetails() which collects the details of the student. While the name is collected form the user we cross check if the name is already existing. For that we have created a static int function called searchName() which returns a value -1 if the name is existing.If not we add the details collected to the 2-D array declared initially.                     
Now create a void function displayDetails() to display the details of the students.Enter the name of the student whose details need to be displayed.Initialse an integer index which is equal to the name of the function searchName(). If index = -1 the details are not found, else print the details of the name entered.
Now we create the static int function searchName() which returns a value -1, if the name is there in the array.Also it returns the index value in names[] after searching in the length of the array.
Now in the main function, we ask the user to enter the choice of function to be performed. 1 for entering the details. 2 for displaying the details and 3 for searching the details. We achieve this goal by using switch case for these 3 functions. When the user enters 1 the collectDetails() function is called and similarly for the 2 and 3 cases.